content: Add LeoOS and RaphOS release schedules (#163)
fictionlab/docs: docs/raph-rover/documentation/raphos-release-schedule.mdx

---

> title: RaphOS Release Schedule

Reviewer: SEO adjustment

```suggestion
title: "RaphOS Release Schedule: ROS 2 LTS Support & EOL Dates"
```

Author: Document name and conept changed - not applicable

sidebar_label: RaphOS release schedule
sidebar_position: 6
keywords:
  - RaphOS
  - release schedule
  - ROS 2
  - LTS
  - EOL
  - Raph Rover
description: >-
  RaphOS release schedule aligned with ROS 2 LTS distributions, including

>   support rules, beta version availability, and default distribution updates.

Reviewer: SEO adjustment

```suggestion
  RaphOS release dates, EOL timelines, and support status for each ROS 2 LTS
  distribution, including beta availability and default distribution info.
```

Author: Document name and conept changed - not applicable
